Updates per review & feedback (#611)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/how-to-develop-an-activity-definition-in-go.md

}

func(a *YourActivityStruct) YourActivityDefinition(ctx workflow.Context) error {
  // ...
}

func(a *YourActivityStruct) YourActivityDefinitionTwo(ctx workflow.Context) error {
  // ...
}
```

An "Activity struct" can have more than one method, with each method acting as a separate Activity Type.

> Activities written as struct methods can make use of shared struct variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activities written as struct methods can use shared struct variables.
```

> The rest of this guide will show Activities written as struct methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of this guide shows Activities written as struct methods.
```
